Add a readme for text and vision convert script modal type (#183)
mosaicml/streaming: streaming/text/convert/README.md

# Dataset preparation

> To use Streaming Dataset we must first convert the dataset from its native format to MosaicML's Streaming Dataset format called Mosaic Data Shard (MDS). Once in MDS format, we can access the from the local file system ( disk network attached storage, etc.) or object store (GCS, OCS, S3, etc.).  From object store, data can be streamed to train deep learning models and it all just works efficiently.

Reviewer: i suppose Mosaic Dataset Shard is clearer?

spurious space "( "

Author: Addressed in https://github.com/mosaicml/streaming/pull/183/commits/c022ee4c491d76088cbd44f4c6f39f865a46ad9c.

Check out steps below for information on converting common NLP datasets to MDS format.  Please see [MDSWriter()](https://streaming.docs.mosaicml.com/en/latest/api_reference/generated/streaming.MDSWriter.html) parameters for details on advanced usage.

## 1. [C4: Colossal, Cleaned, Common Crawl dataset](https://huggingface.co/datasets/c4)

**Instructions:**

> 1. Run the [c4.py](c4.py) script as shown below with the minimalist arguments. The script downloads the raw format with `train` and `val` splits from HuggingFace hub and converts to StreamingDataset MDS format into their own split directories. For more advanced use cases, please see the supported arguments for [c4.py](c4.py) and modify as necessary.

Reviewer: calling it minimalist is not very minimalist

> To use Streaming Dataset, We first convert the dataset from its native format to MosaicML's streaming dataset format (a collection of binary `.mds` files). Once in `.mds` format, we can store the dataset in a central location (filesystem, S3, GCS, etc.) and stream the data to any compute cluster, with any number of devices, and any number of CPU workers, and it all just works.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To use Streaming Dataset we must first convert the dataset from its native format to MosaicML's Streaming Dataset (MDS) format. Once in MDS format, we can access the from the local file system ( disk network attached storage, etc.) or object store (GCS, OCS, S3, etc.).  From object store, data can be streamed to train deep learning models and it all just works efficiently.
```

Author: Addressed as part of https://github.com/mosaicml/streaming/pull/183/commits/4d242aaf5f26f73278a555a3021da6e328d0a28b.

> Follow the below steps to convert the Natural Language Processing dataset into a streaming MDS format. Also checkout the supported [MDSWriter()](https://streaming.docs.mosaicml.com/en/latest/api_reference/generated/streaming.MDSWriter.html) parameters for advanced usage.

Reviewer 2: Here we refer to "MDS" as a name but above we refer to it as a ".mds" file extension.  I know it's both but it we should be consistent.  I recommend using "MDS" when discussing it as a format and keeping the ".mds" extension to code snippets and examples.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Check out steps below for information on converting common NLP datasets to MDS format.  Please see [MDSWriter()](https://streaming.docs.mosaicml.com/en/latest/api_reference/generated/streaming.MDSWriter.html) parameters for details on advanced usage.
```

## 1. [C4: Colossal, Cleaned, Common Crawl dataset](https://huggingface.co/datasets/c4)

**Instructions:**

> 1. Run the [c4.py](c4.py) script as shown below with the minimalist arguments. The script downloads the raw format `train` and `val` split from HuggingFace hub and converts to StreamingDataset MDS format into their own split directory. For advanced users, you can look at the supported arguments for [c4.py](c4.py) and change according to your own needs.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Run the [c4.py](c4.py) script as shown below with the minimalist arguments. The script downloads the raw format with `train` and `val` splits from HuggingFace hub and converts to StreamingDataset MDS format into their own split directories. For more advanced use cases, please see the supported arguments for [c4.py](c4.py) and modify as necessary.
```

Author: Addressed as part of https://github.com/mosaicml/streaming/pull/183/commits/4d242aaf5f26f73278a555a3021da6e328d0a28b.

    <!--pytest.mark.skip-->
    ```
    python c4.py --out_root <local or remote directory path to save output MDS shard files>
    ```

## 2. [Wikipedia](https://huggingface.co/datasets/wikipedia)

**Instructions:**

1. Download English Wikipedia 2020-01-01 from [here](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1cywmDnAsrP5-2vsr8GDc6QUc7VWe-M3v).

> 2. unzip the file `results_text.zip` as shown below.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. Unzip the file `results_text.zip` as shown below.
```

Author: Addressed as part of https://github.com/mosaicml/streaming/pull/183/commits/4d242aaf5f26f73278a555a3021da6e328d0a28b.

    <!--pytest.mark.skip-->
    ```bash
    unzip results_text.zip
    ```

>     That will result in this directory structure:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    Listing the output should show the following directory structure:
```

Author: Addressed as part of https://github.com/mosaicml/streaming/pull/183/commits/4d242aaf5f26f73278a555a3021da6e328d0a28b.

    <!--pytest.mark.skip-->
    ```bash
    ├── eval.txt
    ├── part-00000-of-00500
    ├── part-00001-of-00500
    ├── part-00002-of-00500
    ├── .....
    ├── part-00498-of-00500
    └── part-00499-of-00500
    ```

> 3. Run the [enwiki_text.py](enwiki_text.py) script as shown below with the minimalist arguments. The script converts the `train` and `val` dataset split into their own split directory. For advanced users, you can look at the supported arguments for [enwiki_text.py](enwiki_text.py) and change according to your own needs.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
3. Run the [enwiki_text.py](enwiki_text.py) script with the minimalist arguments. The script converts the `train` and `val` dataset splits into their own split directories. For more advanced use cases, please see the supported arguments for [enwiki_text.py](enwiki_text.py) and modify as necessary.
```

Author: Addressed as part of https://github.com/mosaicml/streaming/pull/183/commits/4d242aaf5f26f73278a555a3021da6e328d0a28b.

    <!--pytest.mark.skip-->
    ```
    python enwiki_text.py --in_root <Above directory> --out_root <local or remote directory path to save output MDS shard files>
    ```

## 3. [Pile](https://pile.eleuther.ai/)

**Instructions:**
1. Download the Pile dataset from [here](https://the-eye.eu/public/AI/pile/).

>    That will result in this directory structure:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   Listing the output should show the following directory structure:
```

Author: Addressed as part of https://github.com/mosaicml/streaming/pull/183/commits/4d242aaf5f26f73278a555a3021da6e328d0a28b.

    <!--pytest.mark.skip-->
    ```bash
    ├── SHA256SUMS.txt
    ├── test.jsonl.zst
    ├── train
    │   ├── 00.jsonl.zst
    │   ├── 01.jsonl.zst
    │   ├── 02.jsonl.zst
    │   ├── 03.jsonl.zst
    │   ├── .....
    │   ├── 28.jsonl.zst
    │   └── 29.jsonl.zst
    └── val.jsonl.zst
    ```

> 2. Run the [pile.py](pile.py) script as shown below with the minimalist arguments. The script converts the `train`, `test`, and `val` dataset split into their own split directory. For advanced users, you can look at the supported arguments for [pile.py](pile.py) and change according to your own needs.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. Run the [pile.py](pile.py) script with the minimalist arguments. The script converts the `train`, `test`, and `val` dataset splits into their own split directories. For more advanced use cases, yplease see the supported arguments for [pile.py](pile.py) and modify as necessary.
```

Author: Addressed as part of https://github.com/mosaicml/streaming/pull/183/commits/4d242aaf5f26f73278a555a3021da6e328d0a28b.
